
We'd like to thank you for your enthusiasm to participate and confirm
that we are accepting your talk in the Real Time Communications devroom.

Devroom talks are on the second half of Sunday, 5th February.

What now?
=========

- Due to the short time available (we only have half a day, this year),
most RTC dev-room talks are 15 minutes this year, with a 5 minute break
between speakers, while a few will be back-to-back 10 minutes lightning
talks.  Due to the large number of talks these times will be strictly
enforced and we ask for your ful cooperation to make the process as
smooth as possible during each changeover.  Check your allocated slot
in the schedule [1] and let us know if that causes any conflict for you.

- Please reply to advise if you are still coming or not, as the devroom
will be on site only for presenters.

- Please update your personal description and talk description in the
pentabarf system before we publicize them.  You can use the wiki markup
syntax supported by Pentabarf to create links from the descriptions to
your own project web-sites and we would encourage you to make good use
of this.  You can continuously update the profile after it goes public,
the site is refreshed from time to time throughout the day and then it
is archived when FOSDEM finishes.

- Everybody is welcome to participate in the Real-Time lounge on both
days of FOSDEM.

- Please be aware FOSDEM has adopted a Code of Conduct[2] and the
devroom administrators fully support this.  As volunteers and speakers,
people will be looking to our example.  Furthermore, this means that if
something awkward happens, it comes down to us to be first to act and
show leadership.  Please feel free to ask any questions about this topic
through the main FOSDEM mailing list.

We are delighted to have received such exciting proposals and look
forward to collaborating with you over the weeks ahead.

Regards,

The FOSDEM RTC Devroom team.

1. https://fosdem.org/2023/schedule/track/real_time_communications/
2. https://fosdem.org/2023/practical/conduct/
